README.md, before:

# Islandora OAI [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Islandora/islandora_oai.png?branch=7.x)](https://travis-ci.org/Islandora/islandora_oai)

## Introduction

This module provides an implementation the Open Archives Initiative Protocol for Metadata Harvesting (OAI-PMH) for Islandora fedora repository with a solr index. By implementing the islanodra_oa module, you can expose content (its metadata) as an OAI-PMH repository. It will then be accessible by OAI harvesters For further OAI documentation. For more info, please see [this]( http://www.openarchives.org/OAI/openarchivesprotocol.html) link.

With this module you can: 

* Receive OAI-PMH request of service providers in form of HTTP request (GET or POST)
* Handle the OAI-PMH request
* Respond to OAI-PMH request in form of HTTP response (XML) to the service provider

## Requirements

This module requires the following modules/libraries:

* [Islandora](https://github.com/islandora/islandora)
* [Tuque](https://github.com/islandora/tuque)
* [Islandora Solr Search](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_solr_search/)

## Installation

Install as usual, see [this](https://drupal.org/documentation/install/modules-themes/modules-7) for further information.

## Configuration

Configure the basic details of the repository in Administration » Islandora » Islandora OAI (admin/islandora/tools/islandora-oai).

![Configuration](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/6a58e66abcdf9d2b8ffe691e4b9c97edea176c50/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6644435a6d35552e706e67)

After you have exposed content types and some fields, your repository is available at /oai2

Some example requests are as follows:

* `*/oai2?verb=Identify`
* `*/oai2?verb=ListMetadataFormats`
* `*/oai2?verb=ListIdentifiers&metadataPrefix=oai_dc`
* `*/oai2?verb=GetRecord&metadataPrefix=oai_dc&identifier=PID`
* `*/oai2?verb=ListRecords&metadataPrefix=oai_dc`

Services like WorldCat expect links back to the object such as a Handle URL. If your metadata doesn't have this there are two approaches that can be used. Self transforming XSLTs can be used to add specific elements tailored to individual needs. However, there is options in configuration to append on URL values to the XML output of OAI. Each metadata prefix has an individual set of configuration. If selected, a user can define where the object URL will get appended in the output returned.

Similarily, OCLC's Digital Collection Gateway can take advatange of thumbnail URLs for rendering. This option is only currently available for oai_dc requests. If selected, a URL to the object's thumbnail will be added as a <dc:identifier.thumbnail> if the object has a thumbnail.

If existing content has already been harvested and/or the url and thumbnail are not mapping in Digital Collection Gateway, you will need to map those manually in the 'Metadata Map' for a given collection/set.

### Customization

By default the vanilla islandora_oai module provides a very basic output. It is possible to add additional content to the description field of the repository. This includes pointing at other harvesters and repositories, branding information etc. An example of how to implement these can be referenced in the [6.x version of the module](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_oai/blob/6.x/islandora_oai.module#L534-L604).

### Notes

The original 6.x version of this module was based off of the OAI2ForCCK module located [here](http://drupal.org/project/oai2forcck).

The responses generated by this module have been validated against [Open Archives' Validation](http://www.openarchives.org/Register/ValidateSite).

## Documentation

Further documentation for this module is available at [our wiki](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA/Islandora+OAI).

## Troubleshooting/Issues

Having problems or solved a problem? Check out the Islandora google groups for a solution.

* [Islandora Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en&fromgroups#!forum/islandora)
* [Islandora Dev Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en&fromgroups#!forum/islandora-dev)

## Maintainers/Sponsors

Current maintainers:

* [Jordan Dukart](https://github.com/jordandukart)

## Development

If you would like to contribute to this module, please check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). In addition, we have helpful [Documentation for Developers](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki#wiki-documentation-for-developers) info, as well as our [Developers](http://islandora.ca/developers) section on the [Islandora.ca](http://islandora.ca) site.

## License

[GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)

Commit message:

update description and correct spelling
Adding the words, "data provider" to distinguish that this is not a "harvester".   Also correcting spelling of islandora_oa in description.

README.md, after:

# Islandora OAI [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Islandora/islandora_oai.png?branch=7.x)](https://travis-ci.org/Islandora/islandora_oai)

## Introduction

This module provides an implementation of a data provider according to the Open Archives Initiative Protocol for Metadata Harvesting (OAI-PMH) for an Islandora fedora repository with a solr index. By implementing the islanodra_oai module, you can expose content (its metadata) as an OAI-PMH repository. It will then be accessible by OAI harvesters For further OAI documentation. For more info, please see [this]( http://www.openarchives.org/OAI/openarchivesprotocol.html) link.

With this module you can: 

* Receive OAI-PMH request of service providers in form of HTTP request (GET or POST)
* Handle the OAI-PMH request
* Respond to OAI-PMH request in form of HTTP response (XML) to the service provider

## Requirements

This module requires the following modules/libraries:

* [Islandora](https://github.com/islandora/islandora)
* [Tuque](https://github.com/islandora/tuque)
* [Islandora Solr Search](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_solr_search/)

## Installation

Install as usual, see [this](https://drupal.org/documentation/install/modules-themes/modules-7) for further information.

## Configuration

Configure the basic details of the repository in Administration » Islandora » Islandora OAI (admin/islandora/tools/islandora-oai).

![Configuration](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/6a58e66abcdf9d2b8ffe691e4b9c97edea176c50/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f6644435a6d35552e706e67)

After you have exposed content types and some fields, your repository is available at /oai2

Some example requests are as follows:

* `*/oai2?verb=Identify`
* `*/oai2?verb=ListMetadataFormats`
* `*/oai2?verb=ListIdentifiers&metadataPrefix=oai_dc`
* `*/oai2?verb=GetRecord&metadataPrefix=oai_dc&identifier=PID`
* `*/oai2?verb=ListRecords&metadataPrefix=oai_dc`

Services like WorldCat expect links back to the object such as a Handle URL. If your metadata doesn't have this there are two approaches that can be used. Self transforming XSLTs can be used to add specific elements tailored to individual needs. However, there is options in configuration to append on URL values to the XML output of OAI. Each metadata prefix has an individual set of configuration. If selected, a user can define where the object URL will get appended in the output returned.

Similarily, OCLC's Digital Collection Gateway can take advatange of thumbnail URLs for rendering. This option is only currently available for oai_dc requests. If selected, a URL to the object's thumbnail will be added as a <dc:identifier.thumbnail> if the object has a thumbnail.

If existing content has already been harvested and/or the url and thumbnail are not mapping in Digital Collection Gateway, you will need to map those manually in the 'Metadata Map' for a given collection/set.

### Customization

By default the vanilla islandora_oai module provides a very basic output. It is possible to add additional content to the description field of the repository. This includes pointing at other harvesters and repositories, branding information etc. An example of how to implement these can be referenced in the [6.x version of the module](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora_oai/blob/6.x/islandora_oai.module#L534-L604).

### Notes

The original 6.x version of this module was based off of the OAI2ForCCK module located [here](http://drupal.org/project/oai2forcck).

The responses generated by this module have been validated against [Open Archives' Validation](http://www.openarchives.org/Register/ValidateSite).

## Documentation

Further documentation for this module is available at [our wiki](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/ISLANDORA/Islandora+OAI).

## Troubleshooting/Issues

Having problems or solved a problem? Check out the Islandora google groups for a solution.

* [Islandora Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en&fromgroups#!forum/islandora)
* [Islandora Dev Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en&fromgroups#!forum/islandora-dev)

## Maintainers/Sponsors

Current maintainers:

* [Jordan Dukart](https://github.com/jordandukart)

## Development

If you would like to contribute to this module, please check out [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). In addition, we have helpful [Documentation for Developers](https://github.com/Islandora/islandora/wiki#wiki-documentation-for-developers) info, as well as our [Developers](http://islandora.ca/developers) section on the [Islandora.ca](http://islandora.ca) site.

## License

[GPLv3](http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt)
